圖片 預測結果
elaina_1.jpg sakura_kyoku
elaina_10.jpg elaina
elaina_2.jpg sakura_kyoku
elaina_3.jpg mashiro
elaina_4.jpg mashiro
elaina_5.jpg mashiro
elaina_6.jpg sakura_kyoku
elaina_7.jpg elaina
elaina_8.jpg mashiro
elaina_9.jpg sakura_kyoku
mashiro_1.jpg sakura_kyoku
mashiro_10.jpg mashiro
mashiro_2.jpg mashiro
mashiro_3.jpg mashiro
mashiro_4.jpg elaina
mashiro_5.jpg mashiro
mashiro_6.jpg elaina
mashiro_7.jpg mashiro
mashiro_8.jpg mashiro
mashiro_9.jpg mashiro
sakura_kyoko_1.jpg sakura_kyoku
sakura_kyoko_10.jpg sakura_kyoku
sakura_kyoko_2.jpg sakura_kyoku
sakura_kyoko_3.jpg sakura_kyoku
sakura_kyoko_4.jpg sakura_kyoku
sakura_kyoko_5.jpg sakura_kyoku
sakura_kyoko_6.jpg mashiro
sakura_kyoko_7.jpg sakura_kyoku
sakura_kyoko_8.jpg sakura_kyoku
sakura_kyoko_9.jpg sakura_kyoku
